put up y'all thanks for stopping by my
youtube channel I got a quick video for
you guys on but just picked up a
50-millimeter f 1.4 cannon ultrasonic EF
lens arm basically I picked it up to
work with my canon eos 7d i'm gonna just
do a quick unboxing check it out see
what comes in the box i'll be doing this
with one hand so peace forgive me the
cameras a little shaky stuttery
this hour comes see what else is in the
box comes with a cannon looks like some
sort of guide in different languages
also comes with a limited warranty card
okay now let's take this off take this
off let's open this up okay this is how
it looks straight out the box when you
focus or the focus 50 millimeters this
is a 1.4 f-stop very fast lens take a
look at that element
very nice basically bought this lens
strictly 4 my for situations where I'm
in lower light and unusual because the
lens that I had before 28 to 135 that
lens was pretty much useless in low
light the build quality of this lens i
would say again it's plastic the piece
that actually schools in to the camera
itself i would say the elements or the
viruses not focus in here
sorry for the slow focus its metal but
other than that pretty much plastic it
has a better build quality than the 50
1.8 lens but it's not something I would
want to drop I wouldn't want to drop
this lens at all period no if ands or
buts so I wouldn't say this is a rugged
lens I wouldn't say this is the lens you
would want to go beat about it feels
like something you got to really take
care of all right so this is it looking
forward to having a lot of fun with this
lens stick around see what I put
together take a few shots few video
clips all right
you